Docs update - eBPF docs corrections (#6919)
projectcalico/calico: calico/maintenance/ebpf/install.md

the URL of the file directly, you should instead download the file, so that you can edit it:

```bash

> curl -o custom-resources.yaml {{site.data.versions.first.manifests_url}}/manifests/custom-resources.yaml

Reviewer: Not sure this is right.  Don't we have multiple flavours of custom-resources.yaml for different kinds of clusters?  (Or at least, it needs to be patched in some cases.)

Author: I think there is only a general  custom-resources. YAML file and for different cases we instruct people to modify it, for example here after users curl the file in this particular step they get an explanation on what needs to be modified.

For example:

```yaml

> # This section includes base Calico installation configuration.
> # For more information, see: https://projectcalico.docs.tigera.io/master/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.Installation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# This section includes base {{site.prodname}} installation configuration.
# For more information, see: {{ site.baseurl }}/reference/installation/api#operator.tigera.io/v1.Installation
```

Author: @radTuti thanks!

  # EKS with Bottlerocket as node image only:
  # flexVolumePath: /var/lib/kubelet/plugins
    
  # Install Calico Opensource

>   variant: calico

Reviewer: Is calico supposed to be lower case?  Seems inconsistent?

Author: According to the docs yes :confused:  https://github.com/projectcalico/calico/blob/d962031a0fa1ecf1ca7d69bd2cc292cbd22b6e19/calico/reference/installation/_api.html#L203

Author: @fasaxc nice catch seems like more fixes are in order
https://github.com/tigera/operator/blob/337fd699162839661b4a8a553b44222ec3c19df8/pkg/crds/operator/operator.tigera.io_installations.yaml#L5879
